WIP global rephrasing (#222)
meilisearch/documentation: resources/sdks.md

# Official SDKs / Libraries

> You can use MeiliSearch API wrappers in your favorite language. These libraries support the main methods for searching and indexing documents and are tested against MeiliSearch v0.9.0.

Reviewer: Outdated information hehe. Plus I removed the testing part. Not sure if that's useful information
```suggestion
You can use MeiliSearch API wrappers in your favorite language. These libraries support all API routes.
```
